
### E-mail is Dialogue.

Alice drafts an e-mail message to send to Bob. Her e-mail program signs it, then encrypts it with a random symmetric key.

The key to decrypt the message is encrypted with Bob's public key. Since storage is the sender's responsibility, Alice's e-mail program stores the message on her server, or a server owned by a service provider with whom she has an account. It notifies Bob or Bob's service provider by some means that there is a new message waiting for him on Alice's server, and provides the key (that only Bob's private key can decrypt.)

Bob makes a request to Alice's server to retrieve the message. Maybe after verifying that Bob is who he claims to be and that Bob has successfully retrieved a copy of the message, Alice's server discards its copy.

If this form of e-mail were as popular as SMTP, we find ourselves in this situation: everyone who has the ability to send e-mail has an avenue to publish content on the Internet.

Alice drafts an e-mail message to send to a group of people. Her e-mail program signs it, then encrypts it with a random symmetric key. The key to decrypt the message is encrypted with each recipient's public key.

# Blogs are Dialogue.

Now, let's say Alice creates an e-mail, and addresses it **To: General Public**.

She signs her message, but it is for anyone to read, so it is not encrypted.

Since storage is the sender's responsibility, Alice's e-mail program stores the message on her server, or a server owned by a service provider with whom she has an account. It notifies the public by some means--perhaps something resembling an RSS feed--that there is a new message available on Alice's server.

Bob makes a request to Alice's server to retrieve the message. Maybe after verifying that Bob is who he claims to be and that Bob has successfully retrieved a copy of the message, Alice's server discards its copy.


